Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[upbeat music]
(SINGING) I think you
know what you need.
Don't hesitate. take that leap.
Better get up off that
bit. go ahead and jump
on in if that's what you want.
Come on.
Hoo!
If you're going to do it--
do it. do it. do it-- baby.
do it right.
Do. do it right.
If you really want to
do. make sure it's right.
Do. do it right.
'Cause there ain't
nothing to it.
But if you're gonna do it.
you better do it right.
Do it. do it. do it right.
Hey.
Do. do it right.
Now it ain't hard as it seems.
Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.
No.
Do what you love--
No. no. no.
--chase your dreams.
Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.
And if you're trying your best.
one day it'll all makes sense.
Now sing along.
Hey.
One more time.
Come on.
If you're gonna do it--
do it. do it. do it right.
Better do it right.
Do. do it right.
If you really want.
Do it. do it. do
it-- make sure it's--
Hey. Evelyn.
You OK?
Yeah.
Hey. Sage.
Hey. Amy.
Is Naomi ready for me?
No. she's just
about to finish up
on her daily silent meditation.
so I cannot disturb her.
Do you know how long
she's going to be?
As you know. Naomi
does not like to limit
herself with time restrictions.
- Hmm.
Can I offer you a fresh
smoothie while you wait?
Uh. I-- I ate already.
Are you sure sure?
It's got a hydrating compound.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
No. I'm good.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Send her up.
SAGE: There you go.
Thanks. Sage.
Naomi.
Amy.
How was your weekend?
Good.
I was busy researching
and sampling
our new meal prep kits.
Work. work. work.
You look tired.
Gee. thanks.
You know. studies show
a good work/life balance
actually improves productivity.
I didn't think my
productivity was an issue.
You know you're outperforming
the development VPs.
Am I?
No.
I had no idea.
You need to make space
for some joy in your life.
You might consider a vacation.
I was actually hoping
to joyfully discuss
our new line of meal prep kits.
Talk to me.
Well. as you know.
this is a new department
that Blossom is
exploring. and the market
is getting saturated.
Well. we have excellent
market penetration in the health
and wellness space.
Which is why I want
to brand our new line
of Blossom meal prep
kits with the tagline
"hacking your health."
Catchy.
I like that.
We're incorporating
all the latest
Blossom supplements to promote
general health and well-being.
Great idea.
You and I have always resonated
on the same frequency.
[chuckles]
Oh. I sense discomfort.
Our consulting
chef Jean-Paul. he
can't seem to blend
the supplements without
ruining the flavor profiles.
The meal kits just
don't taste very good.
So tell him that.
Jean-Paul doesn't
exactly enjoy criticism.
Well. we can't hack
anyone's health if they
don't enjoy eating the food.
No.
No. we can't.
So I was wondering if you
might want to talk to him.
Thank you. but no.
You said you love your job.
and this is a part of it.
I would not want to deprive
you of an opportunity
for personal growth.
[chuckles] I got it.
You do.
Thank you. Amy.
Be well.
Sage.
Good morning. boss.
Good morning. doc.
And how's our chef doing today?
JEAN-PAUL: I'm not your chef.
Oh. OK.
And I'm trying
to figure out why
you have me working with people
who know nothing about food.
That's not fair. Jean-Paul.
Dr. Higgins is one of the top
food scientists in the country.
He's just not a chef.
Clearly not.
I was wondering if
I could talk to you.
You are talking to me.
In private.
I'm making a souffle.
I cannot leave my oven.
OK. well. Naomi and I have
a few notes on the new line
of meal prep kits.
Notes.
What kind of notes?
Well. let's start
with the duck recipe.
Confit de canard
is my favorite dish.
But the recipe calls
for the duck to be
slow roasted for two hours.
Our customers are busy.
They don't want to
cook anything that
takes more than 30 minutes.
According to who?
Our focus groups.
Focus groups?
Those people have no taste.
And me.
I tried making the recipe
on the weekend with prep.
It took me more
than three hours.
Perhaps you're
just a bad cook.
[laughs sarcastically] I
know how to follow a recipe.
French cuisine is
an art form. Amy.
It is considered to be
the most prestigious
cuisine in the world.
And I love that. but you've
got to work with me here.
Jean-Paul.
We're selling meal prep kits.
not a restaurant experience.
The meals need to take
less than 30 minutes.
And we haven't even talked
about the taste yet.
What's wrong with the taste?
Don't take this the
wrong way. but the meals
just aren't tasting that great.
Says who?
Focus groups?
No. no. me.
It doesn't taste great.
It's because French food has
a delicate balance of flavors
and your supplements
are throwing them off.
We hired you to blend our
supplements in your recipes.
Maybe you need to
change the supplements.
No. no. no. we can't do that.
And I can't change 200
years of French cuisine.
[sighs] OK.
You're the chef. I can't
tell you what to do.
Good.
But as far as the meal
prep kit recipes go.
you're not quite there yet.
I'm not quite there yet?
Me?
So that's my fault?
No. no. no. no.
This is nobody's fault--
Stop.
I'm sorry. but I can't listen
to you insult French cuisine.
I'm not insulting
French cuisine.
I think you may be being
just a touch sensitive here--
I'm not sensitive.
OK.
That's enough.
I quit.
- Wait.
What?
No. no. no. no. no.
you can't do this.
Watch me.
But Jean-Paul. we can
figure this out together.
We'll have to be together
with Dr. Frankenfood.
Good luck.
He cannot even boil an egg.
[groans] Do people
call you that?
No.
And for what it's worth.
I can boil an egg.
Of course you can.
[sighs] Jean-Paul?
Just a slight cleanse to
the aesthetic of two and four
and we'll be right there.
So if I can have new
mockups by end of day?
Thank you for your
beautiful work.
Jean-Paul is on a
plane back to France.
Explain.
Our talk didn't quite
go as well as planned.
I'm sorry. we may have
gone down the wrong path
with French cuisine.
I hope you have a
right path in the works.
Well. I thought we might try
Professor Higgins' recipes.
Dr. Frankenfood?
[sighs] Does
everyone call him that?
He's a brilliant scientist.
and his food tastes like dirt.
Not the good kind.
Right.
Well. I've been proactive in
looking at several new chefs
if we didn't want to go
with Professor Higgins.
And I've zeroed in on an
Italian chef. Marcello Favreau.
He had a restaurant here
in New York. Ciao Bella.
Oh. I remember that place.
Incredible pasta.
And he's handsome.
Always good for marketing.
Marcello quit Cia Bella
opened an exclusive cooking
school back in Venice. but
I'd like to take a run at him.
An Italian curated
meal prep kit?
Does that sound healthy to you?
Well. Dr. Higgins thinks
that the Italian flavor
profiles will be a good match
for the Blossom supplements.
All right.
Worth a shot.
If you think you can land him.
I know I can.
Good.
This is your mess. Amy.
I know you'll fix it.
I got it.
[music playing]
(SINGING) Baby. I
wanna tell you a story.
Hey. Marisol.
Hey.
Wow.
Give me some sugar. mija.
Is my dad here?
Yeah. he's in the back.
Cool.
Stop it.
Just a piece.
Mm.
Can I get one of those?
- I'll bring it over.
Thank you.
Hey. kiddo.
Hey. Dad.
Want some coffee?
No. thanks.
Marisol is on it.
OK.
Hey.
Can't you just take a
break and have a coffee
with your old man for once?
Dad. I can't.
It's morning in Italy.
Really?
I didn't know that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. who's this?
And what about Italy?
- Dad. stop.
- Who's that handsome guy?
Stop. I've got to work.
I've got to find a new chef.
Hey. hey. always
work. work. work. work.
Listen to me.
You need to stop.
You need to slow down and
smell the flowers. you know?
Maybe-- maybe get a guy.
Dad. do you want
me to start asking
you about your dating life?
Well. you can ask all
you want. but you know.
I'm not dating.
No one can replace your mother.
Dad. she wouldn't have
wanted you to be alone.
Oh. look who's talking.
And besides. I'm not alone.
I got all these customers coming
in and out of here all day
long. so I'm fine.
And I got you.
And what about Marisol. huh?
What about Marisol?
You do know she's
in love with you.
What are you talking about?
She is.
Can you keep your
voice down. please?
See. you don't like me nosing
around in your dating life
either.
Touche.
I need to make this call.
All right. I'll go see
what's going on in the kitchen.
Mm-hmm.
[dialing]
[phone ringing]
[speaking italian]
AMY (ON PHONE): Marcello Favero?
Hi. I'm Amy Bellefarr.
I work at Blossom.
Blossom?
What's Blossom?
Uh. it's a food and
wellness company in New York.
New York?
Listen. I'm just not interested.
Oh. but we're just
based in New York.
We're making a big push for
a new line of meal prep kits
and we're looking for a chef
to help curate the recipes.
No. thanks.
No.
Excuse me?
I said I'm just
not interested.
But you haven't
heard my offer yet.
I appreciate your
calling. but I don't
need to hear any offer. OK?
Thank you. and
have a lovely day.
Grazie.
Ciao.
Hello?
Did he just hang up on me?
There you go.
Uh. thanks. Dad. but.
um. I. uh. have to run.
Can I get that to go?
Thank you.
I love you.
Where are you going?
To fix my mess.
Bye. Marisol.
MARISOL: Bye
[plane flying]
[upbeat music]
(SINGING) Doo. doo. doo.
doo. doo. doo. doo. doo.
Doo. doo. doo.
doo. doo. doo. doo.
[singing in italian]
Naomi?
I just got your email.
You're in Venice?
AMY (ON PHONE):
Marcello didn't want
to talk to me over the
phone. so I decided
to sign up for his course.
I thought I'd give him some
FaceTime and pitch to him
in person.
In Venice?
Well. you said
you wanted Marcello.
so I'm doing everything
I can to land him.
I'm surprised.
Is that good?
It could be. if you come
back with an Italian chef.
I will.
OK.
(SINGING) Doo si doo.
[speaking italian]
AUTOMATED TRANSLATOR:
Watch your step.
The villa is just across the
bridge and around the corner.
OK.
Thank you.
- Bene.
Uh-huh.
Can you take my bag?
Si.
Oh. thank you very much.
I'm good. I'm good.
Thank you.
Yeah.
[speaking italian]
No. actually. uh. can
you just help me. um--
[speaking italian]
Uh. whoa.
OK. you sure?
OK.
Yeah.
- Just jump.
Whoa!
I'm so sorry.
[speaking italian]
Marcello?
I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I didn't-- I didn't--
I didn't mean to.
I didn't know.
I-- I'm so. so sorry.
It's OK.
Oh my goodness.
Are you OK?
- Yeah. yeah.
I'm fine.
Are you OK?
Wet.
- Yeah.
- But fine.
Yeah.
Let me pay for your dry
cleaning and some more flowers.
No. there's no need. really.
No. no. no. no. please--
Look. I'm in a rush.
I'm late. sorry.
Have a lovely day.
Ciao.
No. but I insist--
Thank you.
But-- I'm Amy.
We spoke on the phone.
Oh.
[jazzy music]
[singing in italian]
JESSICA: Oh. hi.
Oh. hi.
Are you here for
the cooking course?
Yeah. I'm Amy.
- Oh. Jessica.
- Hi.
First time in Venice?
First time in Italy.
This villa is amazing.
Isn't it?
It's been in Marcello's
family for centuries.
Wow.
They converted it to a
boutique hotel years ago
and now Marcello runs
a cooking school here.
Welcome to Venezia.
I am Caterina.
I manage the cooking
school and the hotel.
Wow.
May I offer you a prosecco?
Oh. uh. I--
You're in Italy for the
first time in your life.
Of course. you'll
have a prosecco.
Cheers.
JESSICA: Saluti.
Saluti.
I'll check you in and then
I'll show you to your room.
Mm. thank you.
Hi.
Thanks.
Actually. I just need some--
[speaking italian]
AUTOMATED TRANSLATOR: I'm
sorry. but an idiotic tourist
pushed me into the canal.
Oh. uh.
Hi.
Hello again.
Hello.
Let me say. that's a terrible
translation. by the way.
Yeah. I think we all
know what "idiota" means.
[chuckles]
Excuse my son.
Sometimes he doesn't
think before he speaks.
AMY: Mm-hmm.
Thanks.
Anyhow. Marcello Favero.
Pleased to meet you
Amy Bellefarr.
Idiot tourist.
[laughs] How do
I know this name?
[speaking italian]
AUTOMATED TRANSLATOR:
Because she signed
up for the cooking course.
I'm going to turn this off.
I actually work for Blossom.
We spoke on the phone.
I offered you a job.
I love Blossom.
AMY: Really?
You're hiring Marcello?
Trying to. but he
hung up on me yesterday.
I thought I'd try
you again in person.
So you came to
Venice for that?
[speaking italian]
I'll see you later.
Jessie. I'll see you later.
Welcome.
Sort of.
[speaking italian]
Wow.
This is going to be fun.
Cheers.
Saluti.
[singing in italian]
Hey.
[gasps] Hello.
You look great.
Oh. thank you.
You too.
Thank you.
Oh. these look good.
Yeah. right?
Oh. yeah.
Wow.
So how did you find
Marcello's cooking school?
Oh. one of the chefs
at the restaurant I work
at recommended it.
I took a course with Marcello
last year and loved it.
so here I am again.
So you're a chef?
I'm working as
a kitchen porter
at a restaurant in
Seattle. but the dream is
to open my own place one day.
Well. here's to
dreams coming true.
- Saluti.
Jessica. darling.
Oh.
Wonderful to see you again.
Oh. you too. Olivia.
So this is Amy.
Hey.
Oh. pleasure.
Where's Harry?
Oh. uh. probably
at home. I imagine.
Harry and I are no more.
He ran off with the dog walker.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Oh no. don't be sorry.
I get to keep the dog. so
I think I got the better
end of the deal. am I right?
Olivia also took
Marcello's course last year.
He's a genius.
I'll let you in on
the little secret.
Please.
Marcello is a darling
and he will always
be polite about your food.
But that makes it impossible to
know whether he really likes it
or not.
AMY: Yeah.
Olivia here's a little
competitive about which
dish Marcello likes best.
So is this a
little competition?
Oh no. no. Marcello
hates competition.
AMY: Oh.
But that doesn't mean
to say that the rest of us
can't have a little
friendly rivalry on the sly.
[chuckling]
Oh hey. you know
who I think that is
in the blue shirt over there?
Bradford Duncan.
He's some kind of
history professor.
By the looks of it. he's much
more interested in Venetian art
than in the food.
Good evening. ladies
Oh. Marcello.
So nice to see you.
Olivia. Jesse. and
I. we are old friends.
I see. I see.
And I don't know
anything about you
except that you work
for Blossom and you tend
to push people in the canal.
Again. I am so sorry.
I'm just kidding.
Amy came to try and
hire Marcello for--
actually. what did you
want to hire Marcello for?
We want him to help curate
our new line of Hacking
Your Health meal prep kits.
Hacking Your Health?
What the heck is that?
We're developing
organic meal prep kits
that blend a range
of supplements
into the food to deliver
optimum wellness.
Those kits are filled
with preservatives
and processed food.
and it's just an insult
to the art of cooking.
So I keep being told.
Listen. Amy. um. I
appreciate your flying
all this way to see me.
but I'm afraid you're
just wasting your time.
[laughs] But--
What we can do now. I
could return your money.
you can stay at the Villa until
you find a flight back home.
But you haven't
heard my pitch yet.
'Cause I'm just
not interested.
Sorry for that.
Anyhow. have a good evening.
[speaking italian]
Ciao.
Welcome to Venice.
Saluti.
- Oh. Marcello.
- Hey.
Bonjourno.
Bonjourno too.
So what are you
doing at the market?
Jet lag.
This market is amazing.
Yes.
It's been here for
over 800 years.
Wow. that's crazy.
It is.
I was wondering if
I could talk to you
about curating the recipes.
Right.
Um. I've already
told you last night.
I'm not interested in that--
Blossom.
Yeah. but you still
haven't heard my offer.
But I don't need
to hear any offer.
Why not?
Because I mean. Amy.
I've checked your website
and you basically
sell supplements
that boost energy. metabolism--
Yeah. but those
supplements are
being implemented
into our Hacking
Your Health meal prep kits.
But you wouldn't need
to do so if. as you say.
your prep meals were healthy.
They are healthy.
No. they are not.
I don't like the idea of having
science-based supplements
in my food.
Because for me.
preparing real good food
brings nourishment
not only to our body.
but even to our souls.
[speaking italian]
- Right.
OK.
Hey. Marcello.
Hey. Angelo.
[speaking italian]
This is Amy.
Hi.
Angelo.
Pleased to meet you.
American?
Mm-hmm.
Pleased to meet you too. Amy.
Em. What is a beautiful woman
like you doing with this fool?
[chuckles] Well. I'm actually
trying to convince this
fool to come and work for me.
Ah. that explains it.
Mm-hmm.
[laughs]
[speaking italian]..
she's one of my students.
So what's fresh this morning?
Ah. langoustine.
Fresh from the
lagoon this morning.
Wow.
Perfecto.
So I'm going to take 12
of them for the school.
Mm-hmm.
[speaking italian]
No problem.
I will send them
to your villa. OK?
Si. perfecto.
OK.
Nice to meet you. Amy.
[laughs] You too. Angelo.
OK.
[speaking italian]
Angelo doesn't really
know how to talk to a woman
without flirting.
It's an Italian thing.
It's fine.
I can handle it.
What about you?
What about me?
You seem to be unflirty.
[laughs] Unflirty?
Is that a word?
[laughs] It is now.
I'm just trying to be
professional. you know.
Well. if we're
being professional.
then let me pitch.
You don't give up. do you?
No.
No. I don't.
OK.
And the cooking
course is three weeks.
So you know. plenty of
time to wear you down.
I think you're just
wasting your time.
But if you insist on staying--
Oh. no.
I'm staying.
OK then.
So you should take some time
and just enjoy the city.
Absolutely.
I've been reading
the guidebooks.
No. no. just forget
about all the guidebooks.
What you really need
is a local tour.
It's the only one that matters.
OK.
Bene?
[chuckles]
So how did you find out?
She brought back
the wrong dog.
Hey.
On the CCTV.
Oh no.
- I saw them kissing--
- Oh no!
Outside.
Can you imagine?
Bonjourno. everyone.
And welcome to the first class
of our advanced Italian cooking
course.
So first of all. find
a partner because you
will be working in pairs.
Teammate?
Yes. please.
OK. so you have to know
that cooking with others
is an Italian way of life.
It's an expression of
our land and culture.
Said that. you must know
that every day we're
going to be learning a new
Venetian speciality. but just
in the morning.
[gasps] This is going
to be so much fun.
Because then after lunch
I'm going to take you out.
We're going to go
and visit the city.
We're going to see all the
historical and cultural sites.
(WHISPERING) This is new.
(WHISPERING)
It's all new to me.
Oh. don't worry.
I'll help you all
the way through it.
After all. we're partners now.
For our first
lesson. we're going
to make one of my
favorite dishes.
spaghetti alla
busara. which means
spaghetti with langoustine.
Would it be OK with everyone
if I record the lesson?
I want to give my boss a
sense of the Italian dishes
we might use for our meal kits.
Yeah?
Cool.
No. no. no. no. no.
[speaking italian]
I mean. my school is
not for your research.
And no. it's not OK for me
that you are recording. so--
Of course. no problem.
OK.
Grazie.
Listen. Amy. you
have to understand
that cooking is like love.
It should be entered into
with abandon or not at all.
I got it.
Bene?
Mm-hmm.
Grazie.
You will find all the
ingredients on your stations.
So off we go.
[speaking italian]
[uplifting music]
You OK?
Yeah. I'm just a little rusty.
I don't want to mess up.
JESSICA: Follow me.
You'll get the hang of it.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
[uplifting music]
[chatter]
Here we are.
So congratulations to everybody
for a great first morning.
Bravi.
I'd like to thank
my parents. Giovanni
and Caterina. for helping
us sample the food
and lending us their wisdom.
[speaking italian]
Saluti.
MARCELLO: Saluti.
- Saluti.
Saluti.
Now my favorite part
of the cooking class.
tasting your dishes.
Mama. please have a seat.
I will be tasting your
dishes in the kitchen
starting from tomorrow.
Right now. it's nice to have
a family tasting instead.
Perfecto.
This is Jessica and Amy.
OK.
[speaking italian]
Pasta is al dente.
Very good.
But the flavor is
lacking. I'm afraid.
Did you use any herbs?
A little. but not enough.
It was my fault.
No.
No. Amy. there's
no fault here.
We are all learning together.
[italian]
And learning to
cook with abandon.
So you were listening.
[chuckling]
OK. now it's time for
Bradford and Olivia's dish.
Can you pass me the fork?
Sure.
OLIVIA: Mm. you go.
Mm.
It's good.
Perfectly balanced.
The flavor is fantastic.
Nicely done.
There's nothing else to say.
Bravissimo.
Bravissimo. Olivia.
Now. please. serve
yourselves and have
a taste of what you have made.
Within one hour time to
tour some of the city.
OK.
Ciao.
- Ciao.
Ooh.
All right. OK.
Amy?
AMY: Mm?
Uh. you are the food
executive from Blossom. yes?
Mm-hmm.
VP of product development.
Ah. you think of
food as a product?
No. no. no.
That's just my title at Blossom.
Ah. OK.
You have such
a beautiful home.
Oh. thank you.
I'm glad you're here.
Marcello likes you.
No. I don't know
that he likes me.
I think he finds me annoying.
My son has not spoken
about any other women
since he came back from
New York until he met you.
What happened in New York?
Oh. that is not
my story to tell.
You should ask him.
I would like to try this.
Oh.
- This one?
- Yeah.
Feels good.
Mm.
Very good.
[uplifting music]
Piazza San Marco is the
principal square of Venice.
and the French emperor
called this piazza
"The Drawing Room of Europe."
Yes.
You knew that?
I did. yes.
I read this square as
the lowest part of Venice.
Which is why it often floods.
And it's called the--
Agua Alta.
I also learned that the
Basilica has over 500 columns
built over five centuries.
[speaking italian]
Maybe a little travel book is
more useful than I thought.
Hmm.
It's truly amazing.
I had no idea how
beautiful it was
until standing in front of it.
It's one of the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen.
[uplifting music]
[upbeat music]
Hey.
Ready to go?
Just one second.
I just have to finish this.
Amy. trust me.
This is worth leaving
your emails for.
OK.
I'm done.
[upbeat music] (SINGING) La.
la. la. la. la. la. la. la. la.
La. la. la. la. la.
la. la. la. la. la.
[singing in italian]
You like it?
Mm. very much.
You know. my family has
been tending this vineyard
for over 100 years.
100?
Wow.
Vines that old still
produce grapes?
Yes.
Hmm.
Vines are like women.
They only get better with age.
Quite right. Brad.
Quite right.
Can we eat them?
Sure.
But we have a harvest to bring
in. so let's get to work.
[speaking italian]
[singing in italian]
Well done.
Wow.
Delicious.
This wine is made from
the vines right here.
[upbeat music]
And I have another
special treat for you.
[singing in italian]
La. la. la. la. la. la.
la. la. la. la. la. la.
Good job.
No. really.
You just-- now--
AMY: Mm-hmm.
You can make this
movement. and you-- you know?
AMY: Yeah.
And it's easier to--
Hey. wow.
Good.
Good job.
Thank you.
Today. we're going to learn
the art of pizza making.
Pizza is famous throughout
the world as easy. fast food.
but as you can see. in the
hands of the right cook.
pizza can be healthy
and delicious.
His pizzas are amazing.
So now go ahead and
choose your toppings.
[singing in italian]
Just observe how the
crust of bread for pizza
will begin to puff up.
Wow.
Brown and immediately cook.
Just give some space to Gino.
Tada.
[crowd awwing]
BRADFORD: It looks
like a real pizza.
MARCELLO: So each
of the pizza you
have created reflect your
own individual personalities.
For example. Bradford's cheese.
olives. and tomatoes pizza
is strong. but at the same
time. simple and very delicious.
Then we have Olivia's
wild mushrooms and olive.
Dark and mysterious.
[chuckling]
And now Jessica's pineapple
and pancetta pizza.
It's a nice play of what
Americans call Hawaiian.
But I have to be
honest. an Italian chef
would never blasphemy
a pizza with pineapple.
I'm sorry.
Also. where did you
find the pineapple?
That was not with my
beautiful Italian ingredients
that I offer.
Oh. busted.
[laughter]
I snuck it from the fruit
platter we had earlier.
But Hawaiian pizza is
awesome. for the record.
Very sneaky.
[chuckles] What about Amy's?
Have a try.
Hmm.
You used six different toppings.
It's very complex.
You mean it's a mess?
No. I'm saying that it
feels full of contradictions.
But I think contradictions
make a person interesting.
Yes. but we're talking
about pizzas. not people.
But you said to make
her pizzas personal.
Did I say that?
Mm-hmm.
OK.
Well. em. [italian].
Otherwise. it's getting cold.
[laughter]
Have another slice.
Another bite.
OK.
Big bite.
Big one?
OK.
Wow.
Spectacular view.
Mm.
[sighs].
I'm sorry about the pizza.
No. Amy. don't
be sorry about it.
I mean. we are
all here to learn.
No?
- Hmm.
What?
So you've got a very strong
opinions about flavors. which
is quite normal because
you work for a company that
promotes fast food--
It's not fast food.
[laughs]
It's food for busy people
who want to be healthy.
That's what it's all about.
Mm.
Have you ever heard
about the blue zones?
Sure.
They are places where
people live the longest.
And do you know what all
these places have in common?
They pack their health
with scientifically-designed
meal prep kits?
No. just the opposite.
They don't take any
supplements at all.
They have a diet based on fresh.
seasonal fruit. vegetables.
whole grains. pure olive
oils. along with organic meats
and wild seafood.
And this is what
we all should eat.
But you just taught
us to make pizza.
That's not exactly
a health food.
It is.
OK.
Those pizzas contains all
the minerals and the vitamins
that the body needs.
You're pitching me
pizza as a health food.
I don't think people
will understand that.
I'll tell you what. tomorrow's
going to be our day off.
And I'd like to take
you to the market
so you will taste what I mean.
That's kind of you.
I like that.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
[uplifting music]
It's going to take a
few seconds. I hope.
but I have to leave this
bag to a friend of mine.
OK.
He works here.
Lorenzo.
Hey. Marcello.
[speaking italian]
Looks beautiful.
This is beautiful.
Grazie. grazie.
[speaking italian]
Lorenzo. Amy.
Amy. Lorenzo.
Hey. Lorenzo.
Pleased to meet you.
Like you say in America.
have a nice day. huh?
You too.
Perfecto. Lorenzo.
Grazie.
[speaking italian]
Mm. look at this.
Mm.
You know. basil it's
the most important
herb in the Italian cooking.
Wow.
In Roman times.
they used to eat
the leaves to sweeten
their breath before going
on a romantic date.
I never thought of the
Romans as being romantic.
Where do you think the
word romance comes from?
- Right.
- Yeah.
Right.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
Wow.
You can almost taste the Earth.
Mm.
Lorenzo. grazie.
[speaking italian]
Ciao.
I don't see a ring.
So you're not married?
No.
OK. you probably
have a boyfriend
waiting for you at home. no?
Is that a
professional question?
Nah. it's just a normal
conversation. nothing more.
I was seeing
someone for a while.
A chef. actually.
Italian?
No.
No. German.
But it didn't work out.
Yeah. well. German
chefs make bad husbands.
Oh. really?
Mm-hmm.
Oh. how do you know?
Were you married to one?
[laughs] No.
But they always shout and
throw things in the kitchen.
It's a mess.
Isn't that all chefs?
No. we are famous
for short tempers.
Even you?
I can't imagine that.
When I had my
restaurant in New York.
my girlfriend used
to complain that I
was stressed out and angry.
But now. I'm more
relaxed. more myself.
So your girlfriend didn't
want to come back to Venice
with you?
The moment I quit the
restaurant. she just dumped me.
Wow.
I believe she was
more in love with
the idea of dating
an award-winning
chef rather than me.
Well. for the record.
I think the Venice
Marcello is pretty great.
Thank you.
You're not bad yourself.
[laughs] Not bad.
Is this how you
say in English. no?
Yeah. yeah. that's fine.
I know.
Your pizza's still awful.
Hey!
[laughter]
[uplifting music]
Ice cream tastes better
here than in America.
Obviously. in Italy.
everything is better.
And it's called gelato.
Gelato.
Yeah.
It feels like everybody
here is born to cook.
Nobody's born a great cook.
I believe you learn by doing.
Hmm.
And you could share your
talents and philosophy
of food with the whole world.
You're talking about
those prep meals?
Mm-hmm.
If I have to create
a kit for Blossom--
Mm-hmm.
--I would make
something for families.
not just for individuals.
Yeah. but not everybody
wants to make big meals.
Many of our customers are
single professionals like me.
But the point is. if
you cook for the ones
you love. with
love. you have it.
Know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Which reminds
me that I've been
thinking about your problem.
My problem?
What's my problem?
Your problem in the kitchen.
OK.
You may have talent for
cooking. but for some reason
you overcomplicate something
that could be so simple.
I just want to make
everything the best.
Listen. Amy. good food is
not about being the best.
You know?
Your heart knows what
smells. what tastes.
and what looks good.
Mm-hmm.
You have to be relaxed--
- OK.
- --follow your instincts--
Mm-hmm.
--an it will be.
I promise that it will be.
Have you finished
with the gelato?
Mm-hmm.
OK. because I'm going
to show you what I mean.
OK.
So let's go.
[gentle music]
Wow.
Yeah. well. this is
my father's restaurant.
I practically grew
up in the kitchen.
Do you bring a lot
of students here?
No.
Not into the kitchen.
Here we are.
My father changes his
menu every single day
based on what fresh food
he finds at the market.
But no matter what. he
always makes his own pasta.
Oh.
I love pasta.
You know how to do it. no?
Yeah. yeah. I can do this.
[chuckles]
That's good. Amy.
Because love is always
the right place to start.
OK.
Here we are.
All right. so--
I don't want to see that.
OK.
Just try to focus. no?
Italians. we do this.
[laughs]
So you can use this. no?
OK.
[laughter]
Like this?
All the fingers.
Like this.
OK. OK.
Yeah.
You're watching
me. I can't do it.
OK.
[singing in italian]
[laughs]
No. no. no. no. no.
Ugh.
[singing in italian]
[laughs]
Bellissima.
And then you do this. right?
Now cut it.
You cut it.
[singing in italian]
[gasps] That's beautiful.
Perfecto.
Some pepper.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[sighs] Mangia.
Mm.
Wow.
I can't believe I
helped make this.
Mm.
You did a great job.
It's such a pleasure
to see my son
in the kitchen with a woman.
Mama.
It's delicious.
You can serve it tonight.
Mm.
Really?
Here at the restaurant?
Yeah.
Maybe it needs a little
saffron. but it's very good.
[speaking italian]
I mean. it's quite rare that my
father allows one of my dishes
on the menu.
It's not just your dish.
It was a collaboration. no?
Yeah.
[chuckles]
You make a great team.
To teamwork.
Teamwork.
OK.
[glasses clinking]
Oh.
[chuckling]
[upbeat music]
[phone ringing]
Naomi. hi.
Have you signed him yet?
Not yet.
Not officially. but
he's coming around.
I'm close. but he had a bad
experience at his restaurant
in New York.
Meaning?
I might need to stay
for the whole course.
Listen. Amy. you've
already been there a week.
I need you back at
work and I need a chef.
I won't wait forever.
Close the deal and
get back here. hmm?
[phone beeps]
[exhales]
Hey. may I join you?
Yes. please.
You look deep in thought.
Mm. contemplating
my future at work.
It looks like things are going
great with wooing Marcello.
Not wooing.
Could have fooled me.
Oh. I'm just
really under the gun.
I don't know what I can
do to get him to say yes.
If he's flip flopping.
it's probably not about you.
I mean. you can't control
other people's decisions.
I don't want to
control his decision.
but I don't want to lose my job.
Well. that's crazy.
If you lose your job over
something you can't control.
maybe it's not the job for you.
- Ooh.
- Mm.
- Mm. that smells delicious.
- Don't look at it.
It's not the moment.
Go to the stations.
Immediately.
- Mm-hmm.
OK.
Hey.
So now. today. I'd like to
make a twist on my Venetian
duck ragu with bigoli.
As you can see. it's
a thicker pasta. huh?
Very common in this region.
Yeah.
Yeah. wow.
OK now you can
taste it if you like.
BRADFORD: Oh.
Use your hands.
Don't be afraid.
OLIVIA: Delicioso.
[chuckles] Here you are.
I'll take a little one.
I'm going to take a big one.
Wow.
OLIVIA: Whoops.
My goal today is to inspire
and encourage you to experiment
with whatever flavors
you wish to use in making
your twist on this dish. OK?
Perfecto.
I'm going to leave it here.
I have to clean everything.
So you've got time.
[upbeat music]
Hey!
[chuckles]
Oh!
Oh my gosh.
Look at all that oil.
[speaking italian]
OK. I'm thinking the garlic.
Yeah.
- The garlic is so good.
- Yeah.
You can't go wrong with it.
OK.
[singing in italian]
[laughs]
[sizzling]
[italian]
You're getting
really good at this.
I had a little
refresher yesterday.
What?
A lesson with Marcello.
Ooh. a private lesson?
I was wondering where you were.
It was just to keep
up with all of you.
Good?
Whoa.
Well. whatever it
was. it worked.
This is amazing.
[speaking italian]
Let's see what you
have made for me.
We have made a Asian-Italian
spicy duck on bigoli noodles.
BRADFORD: Ah. with plenty
of ginger and garlic.
It looks very nice.
[gentle music]
Oh.
[speaking italian]
I've never tasted a duck
dish quite like this.
Excellent.
That's amazing.
Thanks. chef.
Give me five.
Fantastico.
That's something.
[italian]
We also made a spin on the
traditional Venetian duck ragu.
Instead of a ragu. we
made a duck confit.
And we've used saffron
to infuse the bigoli.
Saffron?
What a marvelous choice.
The duck confit is impressive.
Well done.
I'm not sure the saffron
quite works with this dish.
but I appreciate the experiment.
Bravo.
Thanks. chef.
Thanks.
You should be proud.
Marcello?
[italian]
Can I get five
minutes to continue
our conversation about Blossom?
Si.
I have to meet my
parents. but then I'm
going to take you all
to the island of Murano
in the afternoon.
So we can talk there.
Perfect.
[italian]
[upbeat music]
[singing in italian]
Oh. wow.
Oh my gosh.
[singing in italian]
It takes 1.200 degrees to
make the famous clear glass.
Wow. that's really hot.
My colleague
then takes his kana
and then he blows through
the pipe and twists.
And this over here. guys.
is the final product.
BRADFORD: Wow.
What a thing of beauty.
But it's nothing compared
to your beauty. Olivia.
Bradford. you're such a flirt.
I guess Italy must
be rubbing off on me.
Oh. I'm surprised to
find that I quite like it.
[gentle music]
[clears throat] Excuse me.
I leave you with Jessica.
Have a seat.
Who knew that Bradford
has a romantic side?
Well. they do say
Italy is the most
romantic country in the world.
Who said that?
[laughs] I don't know.
Everyone.
It was really nice of your dad
to put our dish on the menu.
I've never had a
dish on any menu.
Just wait until
you become a chef.
[laughs] Me?
No.
No. I don't think so.
I think we make a great team.
Come to New York
and try it at least.
I haven't agreed to
go back to New York
to do this for you. Amy--
Not for me.
With me.
And you're warming
up to the idea.
I can feel it.
But now I live
here and I'm happy--
I know.
I know. but it--
So why would I leave Italy?
Mm-hmm.
Huh?
Honestly. I don't know.
This place is perfect.
Oh my goodness. of course.
That's it.
What?
Well. there's no reason
for you to leave Italy.
You could curate the recipes
right here in Venice.
I mean. we can make them
exactly how you want them to be.
Mm.
We could shoot instructional
videos from your cooking school
or put a QR code on the box
that links to a live stream.
What do you think?
[clears throat] You're
very pushy. you know that?
Take that as a compliment.
[gentle music]
Ah. bonjourno. Amy.
AMY: Hey.
You look from a
painting. sitting there
with that mysterious smile.
You caught me
admiring the view.
I'm thinking this is a really
spectacular place to think.
May I?
AMY: Of course. please.
Join me in my painting.
[chuckles] Ah. I
never tire of this.
Who would?
[sighs]
I know that smile.
Oh?
Mm.
That is not the
smile of a thinker.
That is a smile of a lover.
What?
No. Caterina if you mean a
lover of work. of someone trying
to figure out how to
coax your talented son
into working with me. then yes.
This is the smile of a lover.
Mm.
You know. young lady.
flowers should be enjoyed
while they are in bloom.
Time flies.
Seasons pass.
And before you know it. winter.
That sounds like
something my dad would say.
[chuckles] Parents
are always right.
And they know everything.
Thank you.
Buona giornata.
Hey. thank you.
You come back again here.
[phone ringing]
Amy?
Hey. Dad.
AMY'S DAD (ON PHONE):
Everything all right. honey?
Yeah. yeah. I'm good.
I just wanted to
hear your voice.
Oh. that's so sweet.
AMY (ON PHONE): I miss you.
Hey. I miss you too. baby.
But I hope you're having
a good time out there.
Actually. I'm having
a really great time.
I'm learning a lot about Italy.
It's gorgeous here.
Oh. that's wonderful.
And how's that Marcello fella?
How's he doing?
Yeah. it turns out I like him.
You like like him
or you like him?
Dad. stop.
No. you stop.
You know. I don't know what it
is. but. uh. you seem relaxed.
You sound happy.
It seems this time in Italy is
something you needed. kiddo.
Yeah. yeah. maybe it is.
Uh. honey. I got a customer.
I got to go.
OK. I love you.
I love you too. baby.
Bye.
Ciao.
[phone beeps]
[gentle music]
Signorina.
Hey. signorina. bongiorno.
No. thank you.
I'm waiting for someone.
Amy.
It's me.
What?
[chuckles]
We're going on
a gondola. really?
When in Venice. right?
Oh. actually. can you keep
us out of the water this time?
[speaking italian]
That was your fault. not mine.
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. I remember.
"Idiot tourist." wasn't it?
I deserved that.
Are you willing to give
me another chance. please?
Grazie.
Prego.
Whoa.
[chuckles]
[speaking italian]
Are you feeling the sickness?
A little bit?
- A little.
Yeah?
It's a beautiful boat.
[gentle music]
I can't believe how
gorgeous everything is here.
The sights. the smells.
and of course. the food.
They've all been incredible.
What about the people?
[laughs] Yeah. the people
have been pretty nice too.
[chuckling]
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
It's just-- I feel
so alive here.
Yeah. well. I feel the same.
That's why I moved back home.
Yeah. I can understand that.
I just feel like I'm
seeing the world in a way
that I didn't before.
You know?
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's
wrong with me.
Amy. there's nothing
wrong with you.
Venice is a magical place.
[italian]
Hmm.
Life is beautiful.
[speaking italian]
So may I ask you a
personal question?
Of course.
You are a beautiful. strong.
intelligent. and sensitive
woman--
Thank you. but
that's not a question.
Why do you choose to be alone?
I don't choose to be alone.
I think I've just always
chosen a successful career
over a personal life.
And plus. it's
really busy at work.
so it's hard to meet people.
Too busy for love?
I don't have time for a
relationship right now. so--
But if it's not
now. then when?
I can't believe I
just rode on a gondola.
[chuckles]
Yeah. if you lived here.
you could do that every day.
Yeah. but if I did it every
day. it wouldn't be special.
Yes. but in Venice.
every day is a special day.
And this is why we need
you to work for Blossom.
Would you stay?
What do you mean?
I mean. would
you stay in Venice
to make those videos with me?
And be with you
every step of the way.
That's the best part
of your pitch so far.
You know. I have another place
to show you. so let's go.
OK.
Oh.
[chuckling]
[uplifting music]
Wow. looks like
love is in the air.
Apparently. this is the most
romantic place in the world.
[chuckles].
I never thought of
bridges as being romantic.
but this one proves me wrong.
See. the guidebooks can
never compare to seeing
this city with a local.
There's no other
place like Venice.
I still can't believe
how you just decided
to take a plane to come here.
I did it for work.
Maybe now there's
something more than work.
[laughs] I mean. you've been
learning so much about Venice.
Mm-hmm.
You know about the legend
of the Bridge of Sighs?
No.
OK. so then the legend
goes that if a couple kisses
under the bridge at
sunset. they will
be blessed with eternal love.
Hmm.
That's really beautiful.
I never thought of
bridges as being romantic.
I'm just checking that this
isn't the Bridge of Sighs.
right?
This one.
Mm-hmm.
No?
No.
OK.
[chuckling]
I'd love to see it one day.
Here you go.
Thank you.
[sighs] Can you believe today
is the last day of the course?
I know.
It's gone by so fast.
Time flies when
your teacher's pet.
Oh. come on.
I am not.
I'm just going to miss the
people and the classes.
Huh.
I thought you just took
the course to persuade
Marcello to work with you.
I did at first. but--
Now you want him
to love your cooking.
[laughs] No.
Well. OK. maybe I do.
A little bit.
So has he signed
up to work with you?
No.
Not yet. but--
He's interested.
Hopefully.
[laughs] I knew it.
And I think there's something
more going on with you two.
OK. maybe a bit.
And me.
Me too.
[gasps] You found a
summer romance in Italy.
This is better than
a romance novel.
I know it sounds crazy.
but this doesn't feel
like a summer romance at all.
It feels real.
Oh. wow.
OK.
Well. how is that going to work?
Is he going to move
to New York with you?
No. no.
He's made that clear.
but we're talking
about him working from here.
So you would
also work in Italy?
I don't know. maybe.
I mean. I haven't checked
with my boss yet. but yeah.
Then maybe I will too.
What?
What do you mean?
I heard that Marcello's dad is
shorthanded in the restaurant.
Should I ask?
I would die to work in Venice.
Yes. absolutely ask.
Maybe we could
be roommates here?
Yes. amazing.
Cheers.
[murmuring]
[laughs]
Crazy.
Bonjourno. everyone.
Bonjourno.
I'm sad to say that today is the
last day of our cooking course.
Ae.
All of you have impressed me
so much over the past weeks.
learning and creating
beautiful Italian dishes.
Well done.
You have poured your hearts
and souls into your food
and I really
appreciate the passion.
Grazie.
Now. I don't want to
get too emotional.
so [clears throat]
for our last day.
I have chosen a dish that
sounds simple. but is
in fact. quite complex.
It's a dish that is going
to help you to remember
your happy time here in Venice.
And I'm talking
about the risotto.
[upbeat music]
Don't forget to use the basil.
Never.
I love basil.
It's very romantic. I hear.
[singing in italian]
Good.
Done.
It's perfect.
So Bradford. tell me about
yours and Olivia's risotto.
What did you do?
Mostly. I did
what Olivia told me.
She told me to stir and
she focused on flavors.
Sounds like
excellent teamwork.
Mm.
It's very good.
Bravi.
Stunning presentation.
[inhales] [clears throat]
And I can smell the lime.
which is nice.
Perfecto.
There's nothing else to say.
Bravissimo.
You'll turn me into
a good cook after all.
Maybe you are
already a good cook.
And I have a feeling that you're
going to become a great chef.
if you want.
I'll see you all at
the party tonight. OK?
[italian] My compliments.
[claps] Molto bene.
Mwah.
No.
Yes. Jessica. darling.
We all saw it.
A summer romance in Italy.
Can you even?
Oh. I think it's
quite delicious.
You guys. stop.
Congratulations
on your win. ladies.
Although. I think our teacher
was grading on a curve.
What?
I mean. our risotto was the
best. but not going to lie.
I think the fact that you
made it kind of helped.
No. how dare you
align our risotto
with allegations of favoritism.
Whatever is
going on here seems
to be far more interesting
than clearing dirty saucepans.
Marcello and Amy are totally
crushing on each other.
Huh?
That means they really
like each other. Bradford.
Oh.
Obviously.
It was clear to me from
the moment they met.
Chemistry is everything.
I'll help you with those pans.
[phone dinging]
[sighs]
Wow. that is a very long line.
Is it good or is it bad?
Don't look worried. it's good.
Hey.
Oh. what's happening over here?
Oh. Olivia is just
giving me a read.
Oh.
Jessica has a shift
in her fate line.
Her what?
Oh. that is very
exciting. Jessica.
[laughter]
Amy. your turn.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
I'm OK.
Oh. come on.
Come on.
It's just a bit of fun.
OK.
OK. why not.
- OK. give me both your hands.
- Mm-hmm.
Let's have a look.
Ah. that's interesting.
You have earth hands.
Yes. yes. yes. I can see that.
Meaning what?
Well. earth means
you're very practical.
logical. and a thinker.
Mm-hmm.
But you know what I think?
Maybe you think a
little bit too much.
and you're not
hearing your heart.
listening to your gut.
I mean. it is about
food after all.
I should go.
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
Olivia's just getting
to the good stuff.
Look at that love line.
OK. I'm going to
go and do some work.
See you later.
- My turn.
- Oh. come on. Bradford.
You just want to
hold Olivia's hands.
Oh. I don't mind holding
your hand. Bradford.
Mm-hmm.
[speaking italian]
I do love it when
you work together.
Yeah. I know
you do. amore mio.
It wasn't the same when you
were in New York. [italian]..
I know.
I'm so happy to be
back home in Italy.
Yeah. your mother was telling
me about this Amy person.
You're spending time with her.
So you like her.
Mm?
Papa. she lives in New York.
I'm here.
But you like her. no?
Yes. but it
can't be like that.
[speaking italian]
[laughs]
Come on.
I don't want to have anything
less than what you have.
Mm-hmm.
[chuckling]
Marcello. we both see
how you look this woman.
Maybe she's your one [italian].
[chuckling] OK.
anyhow. [italian]..
Catch you later.
Ciao. ciao.
Ciao.
[speaking italian]
Oh. wow these people are--
so what's the word for Marcello?
Oh. he said he'll
make a decision tonight.
but it's driving me crazy.
What about you?
Did you talk to
Marcello's parents?
Yes. and they seem interested.
[gasps] Wow.
Well. listen.
No matter what. tonight
should be a celebration.
Mm-hmm.
We did a great job
finishing the course.
we should be having fun.
You do remember how to
have fun. don't you?
[laughs] I think so.
Jessica. ciao. ciao.
Ciao. Amy.
What a lovely celebration.
We have a lot to celebrate.
Here. have some Venetian spritz.
Thank you.
Grazie.
Mm.
This is delicious.
Ah. it's my favorite.
Don't worry.
He will be here soon.
[laughs]
Oh. there he is.
[italian] and
welcome to the final
celebration of our advanced
Italian cooking course.
Our cooking students
have worked incredibly
hard to master the magic
of the Italian cuisine.
So now please. students.
come to the front.
- Can I leave this here?
- Si.
AMY: Thank you.
BRADFORD: [chuckles]
Unbelievably
impressed by all of you.
You have just set a new bar
for innovation and excellence.
And as you know. for
me. preparing good food
is an act of love.
And in learning to cook
with me. each one of you
has earned a place in my heart.
So I'm just happy to announce
that you have all graduated.
and now you can proudly call
yourselves advanced cooks
in the art of Italian cuisine.
[applause]
Oh. wow.
Thank you.
Jessica.
Olivia.
Grazie. [italian].
And Bradford. no.
And now there is just one last
thing to do. the class photo.
Oh. Marcello. you must
stand in the middle.
Why don't you just--
CATALINA: 1. 2-- uno. due. tre.
ALL: Pasta.
[speaking italian]
[elegant music]
Oh. that was tasty.
Feeling great?
Would you like
to dance with me?
I would love to.
[singing in italian]
What's wrong?
I don't know.
You tell me.
I'm going to have
to leave tomorrow
unless you give me an answer.
I'm still considering it.
[scoffs] I can't stay
in Venice forever waiting
for you to make up your mind.
Marcello. I have a job.
I've offered you
creative control.
What does it mean exactly?
It means that it'll
be a collaboration.
We could be partners.
So that means that
you're staying in Venice?
Yes.
So then I say yes.
Really?
1.000% yes.
[chuckling]
I'm so sorry.
Oh. it's my boss.
Do you mind if I tell
her the good news?
No. go ahead.
Pardon.
Naomi.
Hi. Marcello's agreed
to come on board.
And it's going to
be a collaboration
with his cooking school in
Italy and it's going to be all
about passion and community--
NAOMI (ON PHONE): Amy. pause.
I've read your emails
and I love the concept.
but I think it's just a
little off brand for Blossom.
But it could be Blossom.
Lovely work getting
him. but he has to get
on board with what we create.
Meal prep kits with
supplements is our brand.
But Marcello wants
the food to be natural.
Well. this isn't about what
Marcello wants or doesn't want.
You were on to something with
the Hacking Your Health line.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
But since being here.
I see that natural food
has all the benefits of
the supplements and more.
Naomi. cooking for other
people is an act of love.
What has gotten into you?
I think we have the
opportunity to create
a product that is truly unique.
Thank you. Amy. but no.
I appreciate your enthusiasm.
We have to stick
with what Blossom is.
But--
NAOMI (ON PHONE): Sage has
you both booked on a flight
back to New York tomorrow.
We can talk more
once you're home.
But I just told Marcello
we could work from Venice.
Well. things change.
See you in New York.
For the cosmetics team.
Is everything OK?
No.
Naomi wants us to fly
to New York tomorrow.
She wants to go back
to the original Hacking
Your Health format in New York.
I guess it's better
for the brand.
I'm sorry.
I've already told you. I'm
not going back to New York--
I know you said that.
I know. but--
You made me feel this
was something real.
And I feel it too.
Marcello. the past few weeks
have felt like a dream.
but maybe I have to wake up.
I want to stay here with
you. Marcello. I do.
But I have a job.
And if Naomi won't get
behind this idea. then--
I've worked really hard to
get to where I am today.
Why do you always have
to make things complicated?
I know that you're scared. but
if you feel something for me.
maybe it's time
to make it simple.
Just follow your instincts. OK?
What do you feel?
I want to. but I can't.
(QUIETLY) Of course you can.
I'm sorry. but
I have to go back.
OK.
I'm sorry. too.
[solemn music]
I'm so sorry to see you go.
Oh. me too.
Please come back
and visit. hmm?
I will.
Ciao. bella.
Ciao.
We missed you last night.
Ah.
It was quite the party.
Wow.
Olivia and Bradford realized
they both knew how to tango
and they burned up
the dance floor.
For hours.
Made me exhausted
just watching them.
Did you sneak off with Marcello?
No.
No. we had a fight.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Mm-hmm. me too.
I can't believe this is how
things are going to end.
No. no. no. no. no.
Does it have to end?
All I know is that
Marcello is staying here.
and I'm heading
back to New York.
Anyway. when are you leaving?
I'm not.
What?
Marcello's parents
offered me the job.
What?
No way. ah.
I'm so happy for you.
Ah. it's not the same as
opening my own restaurant.
but you know. step in
the right direction.
Yeah.
I was really hoping you
and I could have found
an apartment here together.
- I know.
I know. but I've got
to go back to Blossom
and explain why I lost Marcello
as the consulting chef.
Have you at least
called him to say goodbye?
I tried. but it went
straight to voicemail.
Maybe you could
talk to your boss
about staying here
a little longer?
[laughs] I think
that ship has sailed.
Speaking of. I need
to catch my water
taxi to take me to the airport.
It's been lovely
meeting you. Jessica.
Come here.
Good luck with everything.
And enjoy this exciting
new life in Venice.
It was nice to meet you. Amy.
You too.
And Amy?
You're a good chef.
[solemn music]
[whispering] Hey. [italian].
Hey.
What's wrong?
What's wrong. mama?
Me and Amy. we are not going
to be working together.
It's a fact.
I know.
She just left.
How can you let
her go like that?
Her boss wants us to
go back to New York and--
[speaking italian]
But you like Amy. no?
A lot.
Yes.
You love her.
I know you love her.
He loves her.
I know he loves her.
I know he does.
You know he does.
Everybody knows.
But leave him alone.
No.
Don't let her go.
Go and talk to her.
But if I go and then
I discovered that she
doesn't love me at all--
[speaking italian]
If you can't see
that she loves you.
then you are truly an idiot.
[laughs]
[speaking italian]
OK.
Thanks. mama.
Hey.
[exhales] See you later.
[phone ringing]
I'm just getting ready
to leave for the airport.
Great.
You and Marcello are going to
be pitching the board tomorrow.
No. Marcello is not coming.
I sent you an email.
I know. I saw it.
I figured you'd fix it.
No.
No. I won't fix this.
He doesn't want to
come to New York.
But this is what you do.
You need to convince him.
This is who you are. Amy.
Actually. I don't
think this is who I am.
I'm confused.
What are you saying?
I don't want to
be the person who
convinces people to do things.
I want to be the person who
does something they love.
Are we diverging?
I think so.
I'm happy for you.
but you can't leave me
hanging with Dr. Frankenfood.
No.
No. I won't.
I know there are plenty
of other amazing chefs
who would love to
work at Blossom.
OK.
Thank you.
You're not mad?
Mad?
Of course I'm mad.
But I am letting it go.
I'm really grateful for
everything you've done for me.
And I'm grateful for you.
Good luck with everything.
[phone beeps]
[exhales] Hey.
[uplifting music]
[singing in italian]
[speaking italian]
[whistles]
Marcello?
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
My parents told me
that you checked out
and you were leaving.
Yeah. I'm heading
back to New York.
Except I quit my job at Blossom.
You quit?
I don't want to work there
anymore. but I have to go back.
I mean. why go back now?
Because I have a life there.
But you can have a life here.
I mean. just drive me crazy.
You said that you'd
stay for work.
and now I'm asking
you to stay for me.
[speaking italian]
What are you saying?
I love you.
[uplifting music]
[laughs]
Do you see where we are?
Bridge of Sighs.
If a couple kisses under
the bridge at sunset.
they will be blessed
with eternal love.
So please stay with me.
Te amo.
[chuckles]
[uplifting music]